Update the create snapshot repository documentation (#3116)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/snapshots/snapshot-restore.md

1. Then register the repository using the REST API:

   ```json
   PUT /_snapshot/my-fs-repository
   {
     "type": "fs",
     "settings": {
       "location": "/mnt/snapshots"
     }
   }
   ```
  {% include copy-curl.html %}

> You most likely will not need to specify anything but `location`. For allowed request parameters, see [Register or update snapshot repository API](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/api-reference/snapshots/create-repository/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You most likely will not need to specify any parameters except `location`. For allowed request parameters, see [Register or update snapshot repository API](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/api-reference/snapshots/create-repository/)
```

> You most likely will not need to specify any parameters except `location`. For allowed request parameters, see [Register or update snapshot repository API](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/api-reference/snapshots/create-repository/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will most likely not need to specify any parameters except for `location`. For allowed request parameters, see [Register or update snapshot repository API](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/api-reference/snapshots/create-repository/).
```

     }
   }
   ```
   {% include copy-curl.html %}

> You most likely will not need to specify anything but `bucket` and `base_path`. For allowed request parameters, see [Register or update snapshot repository API](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/api-reference/snapshots/create-repository/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You most likely will not need to specify any parameters except `bucket` and `base_path`. For allowed request parameters, see [Register or update snapshot repository API](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/api-reference/snapshots/create-repository/)
```

> You most likely will not need to specify any parameters except `bucket` and `base_path`. For allowed request parameters, see [Register or update snapshot repository API](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/api-reference/snapshots/create-repository/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will most likely not need to specify any parameters except for `bucket` and `base_path`. For allowed request parameters, see [Register or update snapshot repository API](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/api-reference/snapshots/create-repository/).
```

The following snapshot includes all indices and the cluster state:

```json
PUT /_snapshot/my-repository/1
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

You can also add a request body to include or exclude certain indices or specify other settings:

```json
PUT /_snapshot/my-repository/2
{
  "indices": "opensearch-dashboards*,my-index*,-my-index-2016",
  "ignore_unavailable": true,
  "include_global_state": false,
  "partial": false
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> Request parameters | Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Request fields | Description
```
